GENERAL

These terms of use of access together with our privacy policy contain the entire agreement and understanding between the parties relating to the Website, and supersede any and all prior agreements, arrangements, statements and understandings, except for any fraud or fraudulent representation by either party. We exclude all representations and warranties relating to access to use of the Website, whether they are statutory or otherwise, as far as is possible by law.

Our services are not suitable for those under sixteen years of age and, as such, by using our Website you represent that you are at least sixteen years of age. Persons who are at least sixteen years of age but under the age of eighteen years of age may only use the Website with legal parental or guardian consent.

If any of these terms of use shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the enforceability of any of the remaining provisions.

These terms of use shall be governed by and in accordance with Kenyan law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Kenyan Courts.

If you do not agree to obey these terms of use you must stop using the Website immediately.

COPYRIGHT AND TRADE MARKS

All rights, including copyright, in the content of the web pages, in the photographs of any vehicles displayed on the Website and all database rights in our database of vehicles, are owned or controlled for these purposes by us.

All trademarks, names and logos are the proprietary marks of ESR Executive. Marks identifying third parties are owned or licensed by those third parties or their associated companies. No conditions within these terms use confers on you any licence or right under any trademarks, names or logos.

We are not liable for failure to perform any of our obligations under these terms of use caused by matters beyond our reasonable control.

Unless, by exemption permitted within these terms of use, you may not copy, reproduce, redistribute, download, republish, transmit, display, adapt, alter, create derivative works from or otherwise extract or re-utilise any of the contents of the Website. In particular, you must not cache any of the contents for access by third parties, nor mirror or frame any of the content of the Website nor incorporate it into another website without our express written permission.